# geometric-inklines
Blender 3d 2.80 addon. Creates and administrates a combo of modifiers, vertex groups and materials to generate geometric inverted hull outlines, and bevel based inner lines to objects, that work in realtime.
**Remember this is in a very alpha state: most of it works ok, but expect bugs, warnings and one or two broken features ;-)**

## INSTALL
This addon works inside Blender 3D 2.80.
You need only OutlineGen.py
Go to Edit -> Preferences -> Add-ons -> Install. Look for the file "OutlineGen.py" and click Install from file.

## USAGE
The outlines generated by this addon relies on:
* a set of at least 2 materials, the last is for the outlines
* a Solidify modifier that makes the outlines
* a Vertex Weight map that lets you control the outlines thickness
* a Bevel modifier that can add inner lines mostly to hardsurface models
When you select a fresh object, this addon offers you button to stramline each one of this features.
**Keep in mind that in order to correctly view the outlines in the viewport you have to enable Backface culling under Shading. When I learn how to enable it with python it will be done automatically when you add an Outline**

### Add outlines materials

### Generate thickness map
1. Select just the object and press GENERATE THICKNESS: 
	the thickness will be distributed with the thicker width below and the thinner above, according to world normal, before Armatures and modifiers.
2. Select a reference light, and then your object: The thickness will be distributed relative to the light (according to angle for Sun lights, and position for all else)
**BUG ALERT:** right now the thickness generator doesn't take the object rotation into account for Sun lights. I'm working on that.

### Add outline
Adds the Solidify modifier

### Add inner line
Adds the bevel

